.TH GEN_CLOUD_TEMPLATE
.SH NAME
.B gen_cloud_image \-
Generate an Cloud Template Image based on Arch Linux, using a profile.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B gen_cloud_image \fI[command]\fR \fI<argument>\fR

.SH COMMANDS
\fBhelp\fR				Print a help message and exit

\fBinit-template\fR		Generate blank profile. rootoverlay/ directory
and default template.rc. If no argument is given, \$PWD is used. Otherwise
argument is directory path.

\fBinit-image\fR		Generate an install of Arch in an image in a
file named 'base-install.img'. Takes an optional argument, a directory path. If
none is specified then \$PWD is used. This image needs to be in profile path

\fBupdate-image\fR		Update the packages of of Arch Image. Runs
pacman -Syu.

\fBimage-shell\fR		Open a shell on the Arch Image. NOTE:
rootoverlay is not applied. commands that require these files won't work.

\fBcompile-template\fR		Generates usable Cloud VM Template based on
metadata, overlay. Filename will be based on metadata from template.rc

.SH FILES
\fBtemplate.rc\fR		Index file with configuration and metadata.
See \fIman 5 template_rc\fR for more information

\fBaddedpacks\fR		List of system packages to install with pacman.
This is in addition to packages listed in template.rc. one package per line, #
is comment character. For large curated list of system packages.

\fBrootoverlay/\fR		Directory with a root overlay. This gets applied
on top of base install. Will overwrite any file that exists.

.SH SEE ALSO
\fItemplate_rc(5)\fR \fIinit_image(1)\fR \fImount_image(1)\fR \fIshrinkwrap(1)\fR
