.TH TEMPLATE_RC 5
.SH NAME
template.rc - index file with configuration and metadata for
\fIgen_cloud_template(1)\fR

.SH VERSION
\fBVERSION:\fR 0.9 - provisional/experimental

.SH SYNONPSIS
\fI<TEMPLATE_DIR>/template.rc\fR

.SH DESCRIPTION
This specification will describe template.rc as used by gen_cloud_template.sh
This information shall also be accessible in man 5 template_rc

template.rc is the metadata file for gen_cloud_template.sh. This is what
describes the template image that will be generated. There are two sections:
System metadata, used for keeping track of the project and as a label, and
system, which overrides /etc/cloud/init.arch.local is used in the generation
of the template.

There is also a magic number at the start of the file to identify this as its
own file type.

.SH MAGIC NUMBER
The first bytes 24 bytes of this type of file will be:

#@CLOUD-TEMPLATE-PROFILE

.SH FORMAT
The format of this file uses key=value pairs for data, with all the KEYS in
UPPERCASE. the comment character is #, of which all data is discarded afterwards
on the line. All text variables shall be quoted with either single\' or double
\" quotes. Numerical values shall all be intergers, and unquoted. Formatting
shall otherwise be compatible with variables for GNU Bash.

.SH METADATA
The following keys are recognized as metadata:

\fBOSTYPE\fR			Name of Linux Distro. For use with cloud-init,
and must use same format. As of now only \fIarch\fR is supported

\fBFILEFORMAT\fR		Interger with what version of this spec this is
using. Known Versions:

.EX
	Ver	Description
	-------------------
	0	pre-release experimental
.EE

\fBCOMPRESS_IMAGE\fR		Boolean. If we want to compress final output
with gzip. \fIY\fR compresses, everything else is a no.

\fBCOMPRESS_OPTS\fR		Command line parameters to pass to gzip for use
with COMPRESS_IMAGE. defaults to none

.BR

.SS PROJECT

\fBPROJECT_NAME\fR		Your name for whatever this template is. the
script will reduce this to PROJECT_SLUG in code, as a alphanumeric all
lowercased version.

\fBPROJECT_VERSION\fR	Interger revision number of this project. If 0
is specified it will be ignored.

\fBPROJECT_ARCH\fR		CPU archecture of the project. What arch is
needed to build the project from upstream Arch Linux. "any" will build with
whatever the current system uses.

\fBPROJECT_DESCRIPTION\fR		Longwinded description of what this
project is, what its used for, circumstances for its creation, or whatever other
descriptive information about the project. \fI(OPTIONAL)\fR

.SS AUTHOR

\fBAUTHOR_NAME\fR		Name/handle/nick/alias of the Author

\fBAUTHOR_EMAIL\fR		Email address of the Author

\fBAUTHOR_GPG_SIG\fR		Signature of Author's GPG key. If you specify a
key here, then \fIAUTHOR_EMAIL\fR needs to be non-empty, and and
\fIAUTHOR_NAME\fR and \fBAUTHOR_EMAIL\fR must match GPG Key.

\fBAUTHOR_CONTACT\fR		Additional contact information for the author.
This is a space seperated list of PROTOCOL:ADDRESS formatted ways to contact
the author. For communication methods that are instanced or have seperate name
spaces such as IRC. Three fields with PROTOCOL:INSTANCE:ADDRESS shall be used.
For protocols that have INSTANCES built into the address use PROTOCOL:ADDRESS instead.

	Example: for IRC use:

.EX
IRC:<NETWORK>:<IRC ADDRESS|NICKNAME>
.EE

.SS SYSTEM
The following keys are used to describe and control system behavior and
configuration:

\fBIMGSIZE\fR			Size in Megabytes of initial system install. This needs
to be big enough to accomidate base system install. However, the final image
will be shrunk to smallest size before export. Default 20 Gigabytes

\fBTIMEZONE\fR			Posix Timezone. Images created with this template will
use this timezone. Default: \fIUTC\fR or Universal Cordinated Time.

See \fItimedatectl list-timezones\fR for valid entries

\fBFILESYSTEM\fR		For future compatibility. Only EXT4 is supported
and only EXT4 will be used

\fBKERNEL\fR			Name of Arch kernel package. Assumes linux based kernel
with standard naming conventions with filenames. Kernel needs to be in system
repos and pullable with pacman.

\fBBOOTLOADER\fR		What bootloader to use. Should be name of Arch package
in repo. So far, only \fIsyslinux(1)\fR is supported. grub support might be in
the future.

\fBSYSTEMSERVICES\fR		Space seperated list of systemd services to
enable

\fBEXTRAPACKAGES\fR		These packages will be installed on top of the
base install. There is no need to specify kernel orbootloader, as these are
already installed. It is recommended to add a text editor here as one is NOT in
the default install

.SH SEE ALSO
\fIgen_cloud_template(1)\fR
